Add docs for CHT Monitoring setup (#1020)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/hosting/monitoring/setup.md

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
- URL(s) of the CHT instance(s)

### Setup

These instructions have been tested against Ubuntu, but should work against any OS that meets the prerequisites. They follow a happy path assuming you need to only set a secure password and specify the URL(s) to monitor:

1. Run the following commands to clone this repository, initialize your `.env` file, create a secure password and create your data directories:

    ```sh
    cd ~
    git clone https://github.com/medic/cht-monitoring.git
    cd cht-monitoring
    cp cht-instances.example.yml cht-instances.yml
    cp grafana/grafana.example.ini grafana/grafana.ini
    mkdir -p grafana/data && mkdir  -p prometheus/data 

>     apt install -y wamerican  # ensures /usr/share/dict/words is present for shuf call below 

Reviewer: Is it just me that still has to `sudo` apt commands?

Author: fair! 3933f29e

    cp .env.example .env
    password=$(shuf -n7 /usr/share/dict/words --random-source=/dev/random | tr '\n' '-' | tr -d "'" | cut -d'-' -f1,2,3,4,5,6,7)
    sed -i -e "s/password/$password/g" .env
    echo;echo "Initial project structure created! To log into Grafana in the browser:";echo 
    echo "    username: medic"
    echo "    password: ${password}";echo
    ```
   Note that in step 4 below you'll need the username and password which is printed after you run the above command.

> 2. Edit the `cht-instances.yml` file to have the URLs of your CHT instances. You may include as many URLs of CHT instances as you like. To preserve data consistency parameters in this file should NOT be adjusted after it is initially set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit the `cht-instances.yml` file to have the URLs of your CHT instances. You may include as many URLs of CHT instances as you like.
```

I guess we don't really need this caution any more since they can only set the root urls.

   Here is an example:

    ```yml
    - targets:
      - https://subsub.sub.example.com
      - https://cht.domain.com
      - https://website.org
    ```
3. Run the following command to deploy the stack:

    ```sh
    cd ~/cht-monitoring
    docker compose up -d
    ```

4. Grafana is available at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000). See the output from step 1 for your username and password.

If you would like to do more customizing of your deployment, see ["Addition Configuration"](#additional-configuration).

### Upgrading

> Before upgrading, you should back up both your current configuration settings and your Prometheus time-series data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before upgrading, you should back up both your current configuration settings as well as your Prometheus/Grafana data directories.
```

The Grafana data directory should also be backed up since it might contain custom dashboards/configuration/etc.

#### Prometheus, Grafana and JSON Exporter

To upgrade these dependencies, update the version numbers set in your `.env` file (or leave them set to `latest`).  Then run the following commands:

```shell
docker compose pull

> docker compose up -d --remove-orphans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker compose up -d
```

Does not hurt to have the `--remove-orphans` here but might be confusing to a reader since there is no way to get orphan containers from running `docker compose pull`

```

#### CHT Monitoring Config

When you see a new version in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/medic/cht-monitoring), first review the release notes and upgrade instructions. Then, run the following commands to deploy the new configuration:

1. Note the version number to derive the branch to pull.  For example,  `1.1.0` would be `1.1.x`
2. Run this command to update your instance and restart it. Be sure to replace `BRANCH_NAME` with the value from the first step:
   ```shell
   cd ~/cht-monitoring
   git fetch
   git checkout BRANCH_NAME
   docker compose pull

>    docker compose down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't think we need `down` here.  My understanding is that, `up` is smart enough to re-create any container that has a new image (and just leaves the rest alone.)

Author: So - I'm learning some good stuff about longitudinal docker compose health - thank you!

That said, I had `restart` in there originally because we may update something like the `prometheus.ini` or, as I often do the `cht-instances.yml`.  Will `docker compose up` stat those file to see if they've changed such that we can safely remove the `down`?  My (untested!!) assumption was that it wouldn't and the `down` would be needed.

Reviewer: > we may update something like the prometheus.ini

Ohh, good point!  Yeah, probably safer to stick with this `down` in that case.  (AFIK, both Prometheus and Grafana do a good job hot-reloading their config files, but I like to be on the safe side)
